feat(kradio): add support for card style component [KHCP-5660] (#1059)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/radio.md

</template>

<script lang="ts">
import { defineComponent, reactive, toRefs } from "vue";

export default defineComponent({
  setup() {
    const data = reactive({

>       objA: { name: "a" },
>       objB: { name: "b" },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      objA: { name: 'a' },
      objB: { name: 'b' },
```

>   import { defineComponent, reactive, toRefs } from "vue";

Reviewer: I think you may have an issue with your ESLint settings -- these shouldn't be indented

Author: Oops, stupid Prettier

### description

Will place description text under the radio label. Can also be [slotted](#slots).

```html
<KRadio :selected-value="true" v-model="radio" label="Label Example" description="Some subheader text" />
```

<KRadio :selected-value="true" v-model="radio" label="Label Example" description="Some subheader text" />

### type

Controls appearance of radio input element. Accepted values:

> - `card`

Author: I see your point, totally valid concern but I thought this approach might leave some room for adding more types of card in the future - maybe a color selector or different style of regular radio input.

![Screen Shot 2023-01-25 at 9 12 03 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36751160/214586252-4f5cf7a1-b390-4aaa-b40e-abf772f6a537.png)
![Screen Shot 2023-01-25 at 9 12 29 AM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/36751160/214586258-80d7c4b8-cfd9-4159-a35d-c2fecb10ffc6.png)

> - `card`

Author: Hmm yeah I guess I agree - pushed changes.
Fyi @kaiarrowood - I liked your idea of keeping `''` for default, but I agree with Adam that it's better to have more descriptive values in case we'll have more types in future.

      <KRadio type="card" selected-value="foo" v-model="cardRadio">
        <img class="mb-2" src="/img/kong-logomark.png" alt="Kong logo" />
        <div class="k-radio-label">Foo</div>
        <div class="k-radio-description">This subheader</div>
      </KRadio>
      <KRadio type="card" selected-value="bar" v-model="cardRadio">
        <img class="mb-2" src="/img/kong-logomark.png" alt="Kong logo" />
        <div class="k-radio-label">Bar</div>
        <div class="k-radio-description">That subheader</div>
      </KRadio>
    </div>
    <div class="mt-3">Selected: {{ cardRadio }}</div>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KRadio type="card" selected-value="foo" v-model="cardRadio">
    <img class="mb-2" src="/img/kong-logo.png" alt="Kong logo" />
    <div class="k-radio-label">Foo</div>
    <div class="k-radio-description">This subheader</div>
  </KRadio>
  <KRadio type="card" selected-value="bar" v-model="cardRadio">
    <img class="mb-2" src="/img/kong-logo.png" alt="Kong logo" />
    <div class="k-radio-label">Bar</div>
    <div class="k-radio-description">That subheader</div>
  </KRadio>
  <div class="mt-3">Selected: {{ cardRadio }}</div>
</template>

> <script lang="ts">

Author: I feel like it might be weird to have only example in vue 3 syntax while all other examples on this page in vue 2. Will add this to ticket about updating examples in docs.

<KRadio :selected-value="true" v-model="radio" label="Label Example" description="Some subheader text" />

### type

> Controlls apperance of radio input element. Accpted values: `default`(default) and `card`.

Reviewer: nit: typo
```suggestion
Controls apperance of radio input element. Accepted values: `default`(default) and `card`.
```

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <div class="d-flex">
      <KRadio type="card" label="Foo" description="This subheader" selected-value="foo" v-model="cardRadio">
        <template v-slot:before>

>           <img src="/img/kong-logomark.png" alt="Kong logo" />

Author: I used logo image so that it batches the Figma design as closely as possible. Is there Kong logo `KIcon`?

>           <img src="/img/kong-logomark.png" alt="Kong logo" />

Reviewer 2: Yes, but this solution is fine.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67973710/214693568-c6fa3227-4222-429b-817c-726e745a0d36.png)

        </template>
      </KRadio>
      <KRadio type="card" label="Bar" description="That subheader" selected-value="bar" v-model="cardRadio">
        <template v-slot:before>

>           <img src="/img/kong-logomark.png" style="transform: rotate(180deg);" alt="Kong logo" />

Author: See above

        </template>
      </KRadio>
    </div>
    <div class="mt-3">Selected: {{ cardRadio }}</div>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KRadio type="card" label="Foo" description="This subheader" selected-value="foo" v-model="cardRadio">
    <template v-slot:before>
      🦍
    </template>
  </KRadio>
  <KRadio type="card" label="Bar" description="That subheader" selected-value="barv-model="cardRadio">
    <template v-slot:before>
      🦍
    </template>

>   </KRadio>

Reviewer: Unsure why this second radio is showing the icon upside-down?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2229946/214116768-f183cca7-93a4-4730-a13c-5e5d0c48d1ef.png)

  <div class="mt-3">Selected: {{ cardRadio }}</div>
</template>

> <script lang="ts">

Author: Will skip this for now, but will include this in another ticket related to documentation

```

<KCard>
  <template #body>
    <KRadio v-model="radioState" :selected-value="true" disabled>Disabled radio</KRadio>
  </template>
</KCard>

## Slots

> - `default` - Anything passed in to the default slot will replace the `label` prop text.

Author: I feel like one example is enough - there isn't too many different configurations in the first place

</KRadio>
```

-  `before` - Available only when `type` prop is `card`. Will place content above the title and description (if provided).

> -  `after` - Available only when `type` prop is `card`. Will place content below the title and description (if provided).

Reviewer: suggestion: Can we rename these slots? You'll need to update the usage as well. I think it makes sense to name the slots accordingly since they only correspond to the specific `type`

`cardTop` and `cardBottom`

Author: How about `header` and `footer` @adamdehaven?

Reviewer: I saw your comment earlier about how you can’t use the single slot because of the `description` prop but I’m still not sure I understand how that prevents the single slot solution?

If the `type` is `card` it could essentially just “override” all of the other slots and use the single-slot solution you were originally going with along with the new classes. Would this work?

Author: You know what - I haven't tried that tbh. I was trying to hit two birds with one stone and make the component flexible so that in both default radio input and card they could choose between using props or slots for label - but that approach adds too many complications. "Overriding" the default slot when `type` is `card` like you suggested is gonna be much cleaner solution - only potential downside is that they will only be able to use default slot, but not the `label` or `description` props, is that okay?

Reviewer: Yes I think that's fine as long as you document that only the default slot is used in the description of the `type` prop when it is set to `card`

```html
<template>
  <div class="KRadio-wrapper">
    <KRadio v-model="isStateOn" :selected-value="true" />
  </div>
</template>

<style>

>   .KRadio-wrapper {

Reviewer: Same comment here on indention
